the burden against Damascus
the burden against Damascus [Music]
[Music]
[Music] behold Damascus will cease from being a
behold Damascus will cease from being a
behold Damascus will cease from being a city and it will be a ruinous heap the
city and it will be a ruinous heap the
city and it will be a ruinous heap the cities of Aurora are forsaken they will
cities of Aurora are forsaken they will
cities of Aurora are forsaken they will be for flocks which lie down and no one
be for flocks which lie down and no one
be for flocks which lie down and no one will make them afraid the fortress also
will make them afraid the fortress also
will make them afraid the fortress also will cease from Ephraim the Kingdom from
will cease from Ephraim the Kingdom from
will cease from Ephraim the Kingdom from Damascus and the remnant of Syria they
Damascus and the remnant of Syria they
Damascus and the remnant of Syria they will be as the glory of the children of
will be as the glory of the children of
will be as the glory of the children of Israel in that day it shall come to pass
Israel in that day it shall come to pass
Israel in that day it shall come to pass that the glory of Jacob will wane and
that the glory of Jacob will wane and
that the glory of Jacob will wane and the fatness of his flesh grow lean it
the fatness of his flesh grow lean it
the fatness of his flesh grow lean it shall be as when the harvester gathers
shall be as when the harvester gathers
shall be as when the harvester gathers the grain and reaps the heads with his
the grain and reaps the heads with his
the grain and reaps the heads with his arm it shall be as he who gathers heads
arm it shall be as he who gathers heads
arm it shall be as he who gathers heads of grain in the valley of refe yet
of grain in the valley of refe yet
of grain in the valley of refe yet gleaning grapes will be left in it like
gleaning grapes will be left in it like
gleaning grapes will be left in it like the shaking of an olive tree two or
the shaking of an olive tree two or
the shaking of an olive tree two or three olives at the top of the uppermost
three olives at the top of the uppermost
three olives at the top of the uppermost bough four or five in its most fruitful
bough four or five in its most fruitful
bough four or five in its most fruitful branches says the Lord God of Israel in
branches says the Lord God of Israel in
branches says the Lord God of Israel in that day a man will look to his maker
that day a man will look to his maker
that day a man will look to his maker and his eyes will have respect for the
and his eyes will have respect for the
and his eyes will have respect for the Holy One of Israel he will not look to
Holy One of Israel he will not look to
Holy One of Israel he will not look to the altars the work of his hands he will
the altars the work of his hands he will
the altars the work of his hands he will not respect what his fingers have made
not respect what his fingers have made
not respect what his fingers have made nor the wooden images nor the incense
nor the wooden images nor the incense
nor the wooden images nor the incense altars in that day his strong cities
altars in that day his strong cities
altars in that day his strong cities will be as a forsaken bow and an
will be as a forsaken bow and an
will be as a forsaken bow and an uppermost branch which they left because
uppermost branch which they left because
uppermost branch which they left because of the children of Israel and there will
of the children of Israel and there will
of the children of Israel and there will be desolation because you have forgotten
be desolation because you have forgotten
be desolation because you have forgotten the God of your salvation and have not
the God of your salvation and have not
the God of your salvation and have not been mindful of the rock of your
been mindful of the rock of your
been mindful of the rock of your stronghold therefore you will plant
stronghold therefore you will plant
stronghold therefore you will plant pleasant plants and set out foreign
pleasant plants and set out foreign
pleasant plants and set out foreign seedlings in the day you will make your
seedlings in the day you will make your
seedlings in the day you will make your plant to grow and in the morning you
plant to grow and in the morning you
plant to grow and in the morning you will make your seed to flourish but the
will make your seed to flourish but the
will make your seed to flourish but the harvest will be a heap of
harvest will be a heap of
harvest will be a heap of ruins in the day of grief and desperate
ruins in the day of grief and desperate
ruins in the day of grief and desperate sorrow woe to the multitude of many
sorrow woe to the multitude of many
sorrow woe to the multitude of many people who make a noise like the roar of
people who make a noise like the roar of
people who make a noise like the roar of the seas and to the rushing of nations
the seas and to the rushing of nations
the seas and to the rushing of nations that make a rushing like the rushing of
that make a rushing like the rushing of
that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters the nations will rush like
mighty waters the nations will rush like
mighty waters the nations will rush like the rushing of many waters but God will
the rushing of many waters but God will
the rushing of many waters but God will rebuke them and they will flee far away
rebuke them and they will flee far away
rebuke them and they will flee far away and be chased like the chaff of the
and be chased like the chaff of the
and be chased like the chaff of the mountains before the wind like a rolling
mountains before the wind like a rolling
mountains before the wind like a rolling thing before the whirlwind then behold
thing before the whirlwind then behold
thing before the whirlwind then behold at Eventide trouble and before the
at Eventide trouble and before the
at Eventide trouble and before the morning he is no more this is the
morning he is no more this is the
morning he is no more this is the portion of those who plunder us and the
portion of those who plunder us and the
portion of those who plunder us and the lot of those who rob us
lot of those who rob us
lot of those who rob us [Music]